So why is this course important?
Why do we need to ensure that our cloud environments
are architected with security in mind?
The answer boils down to trust.
Businesses that lose the trust of their customers will not be able to survive.
In an online world, customers trust businesses to ensure
that their personal information and any other data is secure and protected.
Looking at some statistics from 2019,
courtesy of IBM Security,
the average cost of a data breach is on the order of millions.
This tells me a few things.
First, the cost of a data breach is devastating to a business.
Second, it appears that in addition to securing their applications and infrastructure,
companies are faced with a very real challenge in being able to
identify and remediate vulnerabilities or compromises to their environment.
In the cloud, securing applications and infrastructure is important,
but security monitoring and operations are equally as important.
For this reason, everyone using the cloud,
from developers and architects to DevOps engineers need to have a firm grasp on
cloud security practices and how they can be
implemented early on in the design and development phase.